Package Structure of create-react-app :

1 Node_modules : 
This directory contains all the npm packages installed for your project. It is automatically generated by running npm install or yarn install.

2 GitIgnore :
.gitignore: Specifies which files and directories to ignore in your Git repository.it use by github

3 package.json : 
it contains all the packages that installed in Node_modules.

so here only 2 modeules is useful for us : public and src 
we put our react components in src. and we will propss in those components and there will be states of components. 
now here question is that what is the meaning of props and states of components ? 

what is prop ? 
Let i made a template of form. inside this form i wrote name , address , age , where do you want to go,which train you want to pick, i wrote some fields like this. so i can fill up this form with any details. if this form is a component so the details i want to put inside the component are called props.so as soon as i will send this components with props , means if i willl fill up this form with my details then this will be my form.so props are exactly like this. 

now what is states ?
let it be a component. now it's heading is "Divyang". so heading is part of state. we can change heading and the content too based on user interaction or based or http request response or etc. so the meaning of state of component is the details contained in it. we can send props to component and can change it's state. we will understand it later practically. 

index.html in src ;
there is an empty div inside body
and in head there is favicon added in it and with that there is another favicon they have added. and with that they have linked maifest.json. 
--> we will populate root(div id equal to root) with the help of javascript.
--> but we do not have to write any code by own in most of the cases.
--> yeah we can add bootstrap etc in it. but the major code which you will writw will be in components inside this src folder.

In src folder :
1 App.js :
it is the main component.

2 index.js :
it is the entry point of our application.

for running our react app : 
-->go to index.js
-->then open terminal. write "npm start". then our react app will start to server
--> if we want to build it for production then we use this command : "npm run build"

React use two types of components: class based and function based components. 